# TERMS & CONDITIONS OF TICKET SALE

1. All tickets are sold by Orchestra of the Music Makers Ltd. (“OMM”), as presenter responsible for producing, promoting or providing the event, show, performance or other activity (“Event”) staged at the premises specified on the front of the tickets (“Venue”) and for which the tickets are sold. By purchasing and/or using this ticket, ticket holder, on behalf of ticket holder and those for whom tickets are purchased (individually “Ticket Holder”, and collectively “Ticket Holders”) agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions of sale (“T&Cs”).
2. This ticket is a revocable licence to attend the relevant Event. The ticket may be voided and Ticket Holder may be refused entry if the ticket has not been purchased from authorised points of sale, or if damaged, defaced, forged or copied in any way.
3. Conditions of entry apply, which may include a prohibition on certain items, and a minimum age requirement. OMM reserves the right to inspect / search bags brought into or out of the Venue.
4. Late arrivals may not be admitted into the Event until a suitable break in the programme is available as determined by OMM, and no refund will be made as a consequence of such non-admittance.
5. OMM reserves the right to refuse admission or remove from the Venue any Ticket Holder who is intoxicated, disruptive, disorderly, acts inappropriately or creates an unsafe environment for performers, staff, or patrons of the Event, or does not comply with these T&Cs or the Venue’s Terms and Conditions.
6. Photographs taken within the Venue may be used only for private non-commercial purposes. For the avoidance of doubt, commercial purposes include licensing, merchandising, memorabilia, endorsements or marketing. Making or distribution of broadcasts, commentary, news reports or statistics (by any means in any format or media including any such commentary made by mobile phone or other wireless device) is prohibited.
7. This ticket may be used by Ticket Holder only to gain admission to the relevant Event and not for any other purposes. Tickets may not, without the prior written consent of OMM, be transferred, resold or offered for resale at a premium, or be used for on in connection with any form of commercial or trade purposes (including but not limited to advertising, promotion, contest or sweepstake), or be bundled with other goods or services. Such circumstances are considered grounds for seizure or cancellation of tickets without refund or compensation, and entry may be denied.
8. OMM may add, withdraw, reschedule or substitute performers (where applicable) or vary advertised programmes, prices, Event times, Venue, seating arrangement or audience capacity.
9. OMM may postpone, cancel, interrupt or stop the Event, due to adverse weather, safety, emergency or dangerous situations or any other cause beyond its reasonable control such as public health related control measures as may be imposed by competent authorities.
10. No exchange of tickets will be made under any circumstances.
11. No refund will be made under any circumstances, except at OMM’s discretion if the Event is postponed or cancelled, and then according to OMM’s refund policy.
12. A ticket that has been lost, stolen or destroyed, will only be replaced at OMM’s sole discretion. Ticket Holder’s proof of purchase of the ticket as well as identity verification may be required for such replacement.
13. This Ticket is not redeemable for cash.
14. Ticket Holder attending the Event does so entirely at his or her own risk. Ticket Holder voluntarily assumes all risks and danger incidental to the Event, including any adverse weather conditions, whether occurring before, during or after the Event, or arising directly or indirectly from Ticket Holder’s existing medical condition, or occurring when traveling to or from the Venue, and OMM is not responsible, or accepts no liability, for any direct or indirect loss, accident, damage, personal injury, death or health problem suffered in this respect. Ticket Holder wishing to bring personal items into the Venue may do so at their own risk. OMM will not be held responsible for any damages to, loss or theft of personal property.
15. All prevailing Terms and Conditions as required by Venue are deemed to be incorporated into these T&Cs by reference. Ticket Holders shall abide by entry conditions which may be found in such Terms and Conditions.
16. Ticket Holders are responsible for their own conduct whilst in the Venue for the Event and must pay for the cost of repair of any damage caused to the Venue resulting from their conduct.
17. Ticket Holders may not enter any area within the Venue that is restricted from public access and, if Ticket Holders do so, he or she may be fined, expelled from the Venue, banned from attending further Events at the Venue and subject to legal action.
18. OMM may choose not to enforce a term of these T&Cs in some cases in its absolute discretion without affecting its right to enforce that term in other cases.
19. Ticket Holders voluntarily assume all risk and danger incidental to the Event whether occurring prior to, during or subsequent to the Event, including any death, personal injury, loss, damage or liability.
20. Singapore law shall govern the sale of all Tickets and Ticket Holders agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Singapore courts.
